Lin Wenli
Your bullshit talent means nothing to me
Contestant No. 4 Yunnan Man has already won the upper hand
Contestant No. 8 Liu Mi is already in bad shape
Stay and attack the same
Why does Liu Yi keep playing defense?
Liu scum
This is what you will achieve after today.
Little Marshal, I stand up
Then another broken car and you beat me
I won't give you this chance.
Wife, take a look at this wave of attack
Hey
Hahaha, the offense is very strong.
As expected of a fighter girl
Wang's daughter?
Pretty comes from Lin Wenli's sudden counterattack
Catch the man by surprise
Look at Liu Wenli, she is so handsome all of a sudden. Wow.
He has resisted the Lord and is really afraid of catching a cold
Yes, I have a feeling that he will definitely advance this time.
Put on your crow's beak